when you get to choose whether you're gonna live on base or off base is
really dependent on where you're getting stationed and the command
that you're at. So that's some commands and depend upon the size of
the command. What they have is resource is you may have to live on
base or even on the ship until you reach a particular rank or, you know
you're married and have, ah have kids independence than you know.
You're gonna have that flexibility to live out of town. But as a single
individual independent upon your rank, you might be kind of forced
to stay on base or live on the ship, but also is depending on your
command. One particular place that I was stationed at, We're a small
unit and even, you know, the E three's Andy Fours that were single
were able to still get basic allowance for housing and live out
of town because the barracks that were on the base just could not accommodate
the people that were stationed with our unit and the particular
working hours that we worked. They were unable to meet galley
hours in order to get those rations at the galleys, so they were also
given basic allowance for substance, So it's really just depending
on where your station and what your dependency situation is.